#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass report
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package babel
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 1
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 1cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\headheight 1cm
\headsep 1cm
\footskip 1cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This thesis studies the phenomena of the Electrorehology effect(ER) discover
 by
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citealt
after "1949"
key "Winslow:1949"

\end_inset

 at micro flow scale.
 The effect cause the fluid change his viscosity up to solid-like state
 with respect to electrical field applying.
 The unique ability to change viscosity with fast response time provides
 new tools and solutions to dampers, actuators and clutches.
 There are recent works on micro-fluidic applications, e.g.
 the so-called "giant" ERF (GERF) effect was discover by
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Wen:2003a"

\end_inset

 and GERF microvalves were recently introduced by
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Wang:2011"

\end_inset

.
 Has application advances and new features become, the ER fluid required
 to operate in less volume flow, hence smaller particles diameter.
 ERF are mixtures of dielectric fluid and active dipole particles.
 The ERF approximated particles diameter scale is 10 
\begin_inset Formula $\mu$
\end_inset

m 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Gawade:2012"

\end_inset

, for GERF the scale is nano-meter 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Wen:2003a"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The scope of the present thesis is to to explore the phenomena of GERF in
 micro scale.
 The explore will preformed using Microscope Particle Image Velocimetry(
\begin_inset Formula $\mu$
\end_inset

PIV) technique.
 The nano scale face many difficulties, the main difficulty is to observe
 the flow in very small domain.
 To track particles of nano size diameter, or to find a common behaviour
 at that scale with the regular technique, such as SEM(scanning electron
 microscope) ,Rheometer ect..
 isn't efficient enough.
 With 
\begin_inset Formula $\mu$
\end_inset

PIV method it is possible to obtain a velocity filed of the general motion
 of the fluid.
 Further more it is possible to obtain separate information with respect
 to the carrier fluid and with respect to the acting particles.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this thesis we aim to achieve a whole process to identify ERF/GERF properties.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The process will include.
 Experiment setup process procedure, Measurement equipment and software
 , and specific method to obtain important properties.
 Finale we would like to use these techniques to discover new phenomenons.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
